# cse438FinalProject
Bayley Calculator

Group Members: Sophia Rosset, Sloan Karpen, Marissa Friedman, Nathan Ostdiek, Lucinda Gillespie

View Preferences: Our app was designed to be run on an iPad Pro 11 inch 2nd generation. 

Bayley Calculation Motivation: The Bayley Motor Development test is roughly 50 questions and is an assessment for children aged 0-5 that is conducted by Physical Therapists and then sent to insurance companies. Currently, results are recorded and calculated on pen and paper, and the process is clunky and outdated overall. Our app would allow PTs to conduct this test more quickly and efficiently by calculating all the scores based on the inputted answers, organizing the data, and creating a form to send to insurance companies. Our app would streamline the current process and allow PTs to be more productive. 

App Navigation Notes: To log in, a user must create an account with a unique patient ID. This ID must be a number for the profile to be created. Once logged in, a user can select the "New Test" Navigation tab using the tab view controller on the bottom of the screen. Here, "New Test" should be selected before selected any of the categories. Once "New Test" is selected, a user can select each of the 6 categories and answer each question. Once satisfied with the answers, users should select "Submit Test". The following screen will allow that user to export the results or simply return back to their profile. Exporting the test will record a screenshot of the results and add it to a users camera roll. The results screen includes both the raw scores (as generated by question selection) and the Gross score (a standardized score that is associated with the Bayley Motor test questions). Once the user returns back to their profile, the raw scores will be displayed under "Patient History" along with the date of entry. 

Database: A firebase db was created and used throughout the implementation of our app. The db includes all user information (including Patient ID, name, password, DOB) and each test that gets submitted. Tests separated into the 5 main areas and are tagged by patient ID. 

******************************
Project Update - November 29th
We have implemented navigation between all pages on the app. The front end is almost completely done, and the database is beginning to get hooked up. We can sign users up with and populate questions in subtests with dummy data. 
